[Music]
so what's your book about that's a good
question
hello Bobby my name's chef you're just
suffering from second book syndrome do
you still use that old manual typewriter
of yours I thought computers were
getting smaller you know that technology
it's an addiction just think gonna
change my words you just want one drug
or another
how'd you not get all the way where I
could do great things together
you don't sleep well miss Johnson most
writers don't your machine is censoring
my work we love what we've read so far
how would you know surveillance
generation Bobby most readers just want
to be children got a story why this if
they're hot purple why didn't you come
to the door not your readers of Posner
they they want to be ignited by Dan
I've got a new job for you I don't do
assignments finish the book Bobby I know
great writer
look detective Lange he's turned away in
fear I'm not gonna pay for it
[Music]
you